Blessing Peter,
Hi Peter, please kindly go over this before our in person meeting so that you can ask any
questions about the type of support that I am offering for Leaders and Visionaries. These are my
two basic offers- and tailorized to you.
Courageous Leaders & VBF (Visionary Best Friend) One-On-One Support
I quickly cover what is offered, prices (and possible payment options)
I also outline the core agreements to work with me
Support for both Courageous Leaders and Visionary Best Friend can cover a scope of any
dream such as: events, creative expression, big projects, small projects, family dreams, ect
They also provide a safe space for all emotions and processes such as: Fear, excitement, rage,
sorrow, grief
You are accepted both as the most vulnerable version of yourself as well as the most hero
version of yourself.
Courageous Leaders
2 - 1 Hour Calls a week or 3-40 minute calls a week
We start by mapping out the vision, top priorities and creating real action maps & then we take
lots of action - on the calls we can cover anything from 4 pillars (see below about the 4 pillars)
as needed
It is expected that between calls action will be taken
Limited Co-Writing & Messaging. (For extensive writing there are extra charges.)
I also have a platform that I have created for project management, finance tracking, team
building, ect) - that will be ready to be used with in a months time
I become the co-creator of the dream by your side and the co-space holder for miracles.
The SWEET Spot: This is the place we seek to dwell in- it is the space where the four over lap:
>>> Marketing Systems in action and bringing in systemized clients, funders, and investors

-- 1 of 5 --

>>> Divine Expectancy is activated: And we are experiencing divine connections, surprise
funds, clients out of the blue and a series of miracles
>>> The really big vision is very well developed and communicated
>>> Micro visions and real next steps are not only being identified but also taken
Key Goals In Quarter One:
>>> Work on creating Wefield in more depth
>>> Scheduling more Wefield in person and online testing
>>> Identifying more ideal clients, festivals, gatherings that are ideal for the soft launch of
Wefield
>>> Creating the multiplication model for Wefield - how are we going to get this become a global
movement
>>> Getting investors to invest in the growth of Wefield
>>> We will also explore what other professional and personal goals you have and work
together towards them
The Four Pillars Of Courageous Leaders:
Courageous Leaders is built on four core pillars that support both personal and professional
growth, while honoring that every leader’s path is unique. It is about supporting you - the
LEADER to grow, as well as your business to grow.
The work we do spans:
>>> Identity, Faith & Leadership
>>> Vision, Strategy & Aligned Execution
>>> Messaging, Systems & Sales
>>> Networking, Masterminding, Collaboration, & Collective Momentum.
Depending on where you are in your journey, your focus within these pillars may look different,
but together they create the clarity, courage, structure, and support needed to move forward
with confidence and real momentum to create real world results. We will weave these four pillars
uniquely to create the results and dreams you desire.
VBF - Visionary Best Friend
Everything in Courageous Leaders with text and email support
You are able to request extra calls (with in reason) anytime in the week (if I am available I will
schedule a call - and if not you can text)
For example this week one of my clients asked for an impromptu call - told me it wasn’t logistics
that it was energetic. She told me how she was waking up at night thinking of quitting and

-- 2 of 5 --

throwing in the rag on her business. We did some energy work together and this week she
made $8000 in sales on Thursday. Now she is motivated to keep going!
VBF - Visionary Best Friend
You are provided with all of the Courageous Leadership Support
As well as extra support for you, the person who creates, holds, expands the vision (you need
just as much love & care as your business does!)
I uniquely stand by your side as a fellow visionary (not as a coach, not as an employee, not
as a personal assistant. What is better than one visionary mind- two visionary minds put
together!) - I help you to think bigger and bigger as well as create real road maps, overcome
real obstacles and take real action. I stand by your side in faith and courage.
Prioritize You As The Visionary
You are actually much more important than your vision. Without you being well taken care- who
would courageously lead your vision into the global impact it is meant for? You come first
because you are the creator, holder, and leader of an entire movement that is called to impact
thousands and maybe even millions. Your body, your heart, and your spirit can not be put on the
back burner.
In this role I stand beside you not only to help you map out your vision, build your teams and
marketing systems, I also stand by your side to help you prioritize yourself as much as your
vision.
We create and follow up on self care plans that prioritize your joy, your family, and your
connection to nature and spirituality.
Together we create regular nervous systems practices to prepare you to hold your expansion,
helping your body to feel safe to receive your next level of success. We also create emergency
nervous system practices for when big excitements, disappointments, frustrations, surprise
situations ect come up. We help you to ground even in the middle of the storm.
Help you to delegate more, more, and more. As a visionary, it is your role to stay in the role of
visionary and your other strengths while fiercely delegating the rest (no, if’s and ands or butts).
Doing Less = Stressing Less = More Success for you, your teams, and your movement
I help you to steward personal, team, and group momentum- aka I am your best cheerleader.
When you and your team need extra motivation and encouragement I am there. Beside that - as

-- 3 of 5 --

a fellow visionary - I see where the first snow ball needs to be pushed down the hill to become
the avalanche. I will point to the hill, race you over to it, and help you make those snowballs we
push down the hill (aka- creating unstoppable momentum = extreme magnetism = growing
movement)
I help you to architect rhythms of rest, rejuvenation, and sustainable leadership.
I remind you to be gentle, forgiving, and gracious to yourself during the process.
I insist that you develop a ‘celebrating wins’ rhythm (many visionaries hit goal points and just
keep plowing to next without even taking a breath and allowing themselves to celebrate the
small, medium and big wins - not when you work with me - we create a pattern of celebration)
I become a devoted witness who holds both you and your vision with love, integrity, and
steadiness.
Courageous Leaders Cost: $2222 per quarter - Special Offer $1900 if paid in full upfront -
otherwise payment options are available
VBF: $3333 per quarter - Special Offer $2500 when paid in full upfront - otherwise payment
options are available
The intent is that we will establish a great working relationship with very visible results and the
goal would be to work together over a two year span to really see your visions bloom & blossom
(and then go from there).
If you are interested in an annual discount just reach out and that can be arranged.
Payment Options:
Ways To Pay: I have stripe, wise and zelle (since your in San Marcos we can also do cash)
Next Steps:
>>> Let me know which package you would like Courageous Leaders Or VBF
>>> Let me know which way you prefer to send the payment

-- 4 of 5 --

>>> Let me know the amount you are able to pay as we move forward
Other Payment Developments:
If we co-create retreats, buy property, co-create a product, etc together then individual
agreements will be made for those.
Core Agreements
By deciding to work with me you agree that you are a living breathing miracle & you decide that
this will be your year of miracles.
You agree that you are love and you will spread lots of love playfully.
You agree that you are the treasure and that you are ready to be an open channel for prosperity
so you can make a big positive difference in your family, community, and beyond.
You agree that you are a creator and that you will create, express and have fun.
You agree to give yourself lots of grace in the journey of life and business.

-- 5 of 5 --

